Add chrome tracing (#7537)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/envvars.rst

   If set to non-zero, trace certain function calls (function entry and exit
   events, including arguments and return values).

.. envvar:: NUMBA_CHROME_TRACE

>    Specify the location of the chrome tracing json file output. 
> 
>    If not defined, chrome tracing is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Specify the location of the chrome tracing json output file. If defined
   chrome tracing is enabled.
```

   If set to non-zero, trace certain function calls (function entry and exit
   events, including arguments and return values).

.. envvar:: NUMBA_CHROME_TRACE

>    If defined, chrome tracing is enabled and this variable specify the filepath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If defined, chrome tracing is enabled and this variable specifies the filepath
```

   of the chrome tracing json file output. The emitted file can be opened by

>    Chromium-based browser using the profile viewer at `chrome://tracing/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a Chromium-based browser using the profile viewer at `chrome://tracing/`.
```

>    .. warning:: This feature is not supported on multi-process application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. warning:: This feature is not supported in multi-process applications. 
```
